CommonServerUserPython upload bug (#2352)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Added playbook modification capabilities in **TestSuite**.
* Added a new command **create-content-graph**.

> * Fixed an issue where the **upload** command did not work with pack of CommonServerUserPython pack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the **upload** command did not work with the CommonServerUserPython package.
```
